[XUNYU sighs]
[CANGLONG grunting]
Uh... Uh! Many thanks,
Master Xunyu!
[XUNYU]
You're up early, Cang.
[CANGLONG] Yes, but not
as early as you, Master.
[XUNYU]
All this "Master" business
is most unsettling
coming from you.
Wait. Something
about this stinks.
[gasps] But, this robe is clean.
At least it ought to be.
[XUNYU]
Cang. Do me a favor and bow.
Oh! Sure thing!
Huh...?
I missed! Sorry, boss!
No, you didn't.
The bullet was deflected.
Good try though.
But how?
[ELDRIDGE] If I had to guess,
they're a Huang He Superior Job.
No biggie. For I am Eldridge,
the King of Burglary,
leader of the PK group
Goblin Street.
None are above me!
Greater Takeover, set!
Just a little closer and
they'll be within firing range.
Then, it'll be adios to their...
[gasps] She left the cart?
[groaning]
[BANDITS gasping]
[NEEALA]
Boss! What happened?
[ELDRIDGE gagging]
That's not possible...
I was... robbed...?
Eldridge.
Where'd they...?
[BANDITS gasping]
Pathetic.
[XUNYU sighs] If this is any
indication, perhaps I shouldn't
expect much out of
the kingdom's Superiors.
[RAY] Well, we learned a couple
things about the gauntlets.
When you use the
Grudge conversion skill,
it absorbs negative emotions
and converts them into
usable MP and SP.
[NEMESIS]
You said it.
I thought Silver's Wind Hoof
only allowed for air travel.
But when combined with Grudge
Conversion, watch out.
Yeah, right?
We've got the mud to prove it.
Can't use that ability in town.
[NEMESIS] Mm. You'd go
right onto the wanted list.
Are you almost done in there?
When do I get a turn?
We're gonna be late meeting up
with Marie and the others.
Some advice. When rushing
a woman through a bath,
be aware you're
on a deadly path.
[MARIE] You want to find
different ways to get stronger?
And any advice so we can get
revenge on the Superior Killer.
What makes you
think I can help?
You've been playing Dendro
a lot longer than I have.
You must've experienced a ton.
Oh, you'd better
believe it, kid!
Nothing helps you put in lots of
game time like unemployment.
You almost sound proud of that.
Ahem!
Ray, be honest and
tell me what you think
your greatest weakness is.
I would say my weapon
range is too short,
and things go to hell really
fast if I misuse Nemesis.
True, but in addition,
you need to improve both
your speed and endurance.
Level up and find ways to
raise both of those stats.
You know what? You were right.
It does feel good
helping people out.
Just a sec!
I'm not doubting you,
but surely there's
gotta be more!
Well, things can get
more complex, sure,
but that comes later.
The most direct way
to have an advantage is
by achieving balance.
I can't specialize in offense
and focus on strength?
[MARIE]
Not if you wanna stay alive.
Each stat is crucial
in its own way.
Raw power's great and all,
but if you're slow and squishy,
an opponent who isn't
will take you down, fast.
Then I've got
lots of work to do.
They say that
the Superior Killer has
a high‐agility Superior Job.
Increase your speed
and endurance,
and you'll stand a
chance against them.
In terms of life skills,
drawing, martial arts,
whatever you do
in the real world,
will be reflected in this world.
I didn't realize that.
No wonder my brother's OP.
Of course, there's also
your Embryo's ultimate skill.
Yeah?
An ability with powerful effects
that reflect characteristics
unique to the one who wields it.
Similarly, the name of the
attack is one of a kind,
matching your specific Embryo.
So for me, it'd be "Nemesis."
Correct, the only catch is,
the earliest you can learn it
is after attaining a high rank.
How high, I wonder.
Wait. Are you saying
yours already learned
its ultimate skill?
Hm. Not that you mention it,
I've never even seen
Marie's Embryo.
Mine is not as cool as you,
but if you really want to know,
the name of it is Arc‐en‐Ciel.
Isn't that French, I think
it means "rainbow."
As for its type, well,
obviously it's, uh...
[NEMESIS, RAY]
Hm...?
[ROOK] Finally. Hope we
didn't keep you waiting.
Babi's absolutely starving.
Good morning, you two.
[MARIE] A very good
morning to you both!
Babi! Rook! Please take a seat!
Did I hear right? You're hungry?
Breakfast is on me! I'll
just go up to the counter!
And order for us! Yeah!
No need to follow me!
[ROOK]
Hmm...
[MARIE] By the way, these
tickets are for the both of you.
I used what was left over
from Gardranda's bounty
to get ahold of them.
The Clash of the Superiors.
Figaro will be there.
Who's his opponent?
The second ranked player
in Huang He's duels.
Xunyu, the Master Jiangshi.
I'm down to see this match‐up!
Swell. Then we'll go our
different ways now
and meet right before the
brawl's about to begin.
It's a deal.
So what do you plan on doing
in the meantime, Ray?
I should probably swing
by the Adventurers' Guild
and collect my reward.
What about you?
There's a small matter I need
to stay and discuss with Marie.
And that would be...?
[gasps]
But how the heck did you...
there's no possible way...
[RAY]
What'd you say?
I won't tell.
[RAY]
Something's fishy about this.
Eighty million lir for defeating
the Gouz‐Maise Gang
seems like overkill.
Even if it was a challenge.
Yeah, there must've
been some bonus awards
thrown into the mix.
I wouldn't even know
what to do with all this.
Part of this money
belongs to Hugo.
Agreed.
[RAY]
I am not gonna touch a coin
until I can divide it with him.
[music playing]
[CHILDREN laughing, chattering]
[SHU] Now, now, kids.
No pushing, grizz.
Wow. You do parties, big bro?
[SHU] Hm? Now, who could
have fur‐seen this?
Well, if it isn't Ray
and Nemesis!
Hey, Brother Bear! Feels
like it's been a while!
[SHU] Sorry, kiddos, but
it's time fur Mister Bear
to get a move on, grizz!
Before I leave, though...
Who wants some candy?
[CHILDREN cheering]
[SHU] Let's find a nearby
café to pop into, grizz.
Yeah. I... Uh?
[RAY] Uh, bro. I think
your toupee's alive.
[LEVIATHAN]
Pardon me.
[SHU]
Grizz?
You'll have to excuse Behemoth
if she caused you any trouble.
Behem... You mean
this porcupine?
Indeed.
[SHU] Welp, time to
get down, 'lil missy.
Looks like your
ride's here, grizz!
[BEHEMOTH]
XD!
You heard the bear.
Let's be on our way.
[BEHEMOTH whines]
Sorry for the inconvenience.
[SHU]
Be‐fur you go...
[CROWD applauding]
[SHU]
A little parting gift, grizz!
Much appreciated.
[BEHEMOTH]
TY!
You okay?
Oh, yeah. It was nothing.
After all, she did
have her Embryo.
Well, are you satisfied,
Behemoth?
[BEHEMOTH]
Lol!
I thought you'd be.
When you saw that bear,
you were absolutely
committed to hugging him.
Likewise, I hope you get
everything you want
out of the fight later today.
Yep‐yep!
[LEVIATHAN]
As for me,
I hope this nation can
produce a worthy Superior.
[BEHEMOTH]
Hype!
Where have you
been all my life?
So what brings you
out to Gideon?
Are you here for the
Clash of the Superiors?
[SHU]
You betcha, grizz!
Specifically, to support
my buddy, Figgy.
Have I met him? Hold on.
Like Figaro?
So you two are friends?
[SHU] Is that the reason
you came here, too, grizz?
Yeah.
[SHU] Impressive! You're
in the box seats, grizz!
Hm?
Something up?
[SHU] What a crazy coincidence.
We're sitting in the same box.
Which means we can watch
the fight together, grizz.
The universe smiles
upon us again!
[SHU] I couldn't help but notice
that sick pair of kicks.
In a short amount of time,
you've been staying
beary busy adventuring.
It's not every day a player
beats two UBMs back‐to‐back,
especially so soon
after joining, grizz.
Nom, nom, nom.
[gulps]
Though, now that
I'm remembering,
Figgy and I defeated our first
when we were bearly starting
out in our low‐rank jobs.
Like a couple of newbs,
no offense, we got lost,
ran into a pair of UBMs and
ended up having to fight.
There were two. So you
and Figaro teamed up then?
[SHU] Nah. More like
we each took on a UBM.
One‐on‐one.
[RAY]
Shuichi joined on launch day,
which mean he was probably
one of the first Masters
to defeat a Unique Boss Monster.
Just how many hours are you
logged in on a given day?
[SHU]
Hey! I live a healthy lifestyle!
I always get my three squares,
fit in shower and
bathroom breaks,
and do an hour‐long workout sesh
to keep up my physique, grizz.
Every other moment's
spent in Dendro?
That's a huge chunk of time!
[SHU] Speaking of which,
places to be, people to meet.
Catch you later, grizz.
Introduce me to that friend of
yours whenever we see them next.
Does your brother not
have to work or anything?
Well, he did win an overseas
lottery a while back.
Invested in some apartment
buildings, retired,
and has been living off
the rent money ever since.
Yeah. My brother's background
is all over the map.
He showed early promise
as a child actor and singer,
and just as he was rising in
the entertainment industry,
he quit and became
a martial artist.
After that he worked
as a university TA.
That's all over the
place, all right.
[CYCO]
Not half bad.
Cyco! But... the last bite's
always the best one!
I concur.
Hugo. Is he...?
On his way up.
[NEMESIS, RAY]
Huh?
Did you miss me?
I knew we'd meet again,
though our safe reunion
was only possible
because of you.
I couldn't have done
that quest without you.
Which reminds me, you and I
have something to discuss.
[HUGO]
Most unexpected.
To think, the prize money ended
up being a small fortune.
If you're free, I'd
like to divvy it up.
There's no need, but I suppose
that answer won't do.
We were a team. You earned
half of the prize money.
Give me a quarter and the
whole matter will be settled.
[RAY grumbles]
[HUGO]
Consider my share received.
Not greedy, are you? You
could've easily kept it all.
I would never knowingly
lie to a friend!
[gasps]
Hugo, is it safe wandering
around town in your uniform?
That shows you're in
the Dryfe army, right?
What, this?
It's a Driver uniform for my
clan, the Triangle of Wisdom.
Fortunately, wearing it
shouldn't cause a problem.
Good to hear. By the way,
why'd you align with Dryfe
in the first place?
I already knew someone
who had started out there.
They were also the person
that got me into the clan.
[RAY]
Makes total sense.
Now then, it's my turn
to ask you something.
I want all the details
about yesterday's battle
against Gouz‐Maise.
Sure! You bet!
Well, guess it's
about that time.
[HUGO]
Going somewhere?
Yeah. We got tickets
to watch the Clash of the
Superiors at the arena.
Are you gonna be there?
Uh. Sure. You could say that.
Great then, maybe
we'll see you around!
I'm sure we'll meet
again real soon.
Until then, bye Cyco.
[HUGO]
Mm. Ray.
[RAY]
Hm? What's up?
[HUGO] If you could,
there's something I want you
to keep in the
back of your mind.
[RAY]
Hm?
Look to the west.
Uh. Say what?
I'm sorry if I sounded
melodramatic.
I meant Figaro, the favorite
for today's match,
should be entering
from the west.
Yeah? Thanks, Hugo.
[HUGO]
No problem. Goodbye, Ray.
[RAY]
Yep! Catch ya later.
If I heard you right, you
leaked sensitive information.
Perhaps I did.
It's almost like you're
sabotaging the plan.
It seems that way, doesn't it?
Obviously, I want to
fulfill his desires.
At the same time, I can't turn
my back on a woman in distress.
Pulled in different directions.
I couldn't stay silent,
so I spoke up.
End of the story.
From now on, I'll act my part.
Then I'll be standing
beside you, acting as well.
Thanks, Cyco.
[CANGLONG coughing]
Sorry, Master Xunyu.
I wanted to be there,
cheering you on.
But I don't think
that's happening.
[XUNYU]
Don't push yourself.
Remain here and
continue to rest.
Whatever you need, your
highness, I'm here for you!
Should I change out
your ice pack?
Or how about some vitamin C?
I'll survive, but Master,
you should leave for Gideon.
[XUNYU]
Oh, is it that time already?
[CHAMBERLAIN]
I thought I heard a noise!
Highness! Are you, um...
No. Please. Flying?
Anything but that.
[XUNYU]
It will get chilly so make sure
to close the window behind us.
What?
[XUNYU] Well, ambassador, shall
we make our way to Gideon?
Try not to bite your tongue.
Wait! I can walk!
It's no problem, really!
[MEIHAI screams]
Bye Master and Meihai.
Please be safe.
[FRANKLIN] Good evening,
Your Excellency.
There's been a slight
change of plans.
Turns out they won't
be attending, so...
...the Queen of Monsters
is out of play for now.
I realize they are the most
powerful within the Empire
and their absence
makes a huge difference,
but it simply can't be helped.
Between the three of us, we'll
take a majority of the battles.
Plus, don't forget
about the defectors.
I estimate a...
90% success rate.
Huh?
And if a Superior shows
up we didn't count on?
Then I'd say our odds
are roughly 50%.
[FRANKLIN laughs]
You thought they'd be lower?
You crack me up,
your Excellency!
Or did you forget who
you were talking to?
Ha, ha! Besides, we can always
choose a different target
or tweak the plan a
fraction here and there.
With a little prayer, we may
be able to pull this off.
[FRANKLIN]
Even though he's not here,
I've still got my favorite.
And considering his Embryo...
It wouldn't surprise me
in the least if he killed
all the Masters in
Gideon by himself.
[JULIET]
Blackwing Orchestra!
[CHELSEA]
World Reversal Waterfall!
[JULIET yelling]
[CHELSEA grunting]
Their levels are up there.
Yeah.
Both the competitors are Masters
with Sixth Form Embryos.
The girl with the wings is
Juliet, the Fallen Knight,
versus Chelsea the Great Pirate.
[RAY] Wait, so you mean she's
still considered a knight?
I feel some kind of bond,
even if her gear is terrifying.
Have you taken a look
in the mirror lately?
[RAY]
Uh.
Looks like she's preparing
to shut this match down!
[JULIET]
Hraesvelgr!
Poseidon!
Those must be their
ultimate skills,
the ones named
after their Embryos.
[MARIE]
Indeed.
Juliet used Hraesvelgr, which is
a Dark‐Wind combo magic attack.
Whereas Chelsea's Poseidon
is a physical attack
that summons molten gold.
[CROWD cheering]
[RAY] So this is the power
of an ultimate skill!
[RAY]
Hm? Is that Shu? Why is he...?
[NEMESIS] I don't see
Brother Bear anywhere.
You'd think he'd be
easier to spot.
[SHU] I know for a fact
that guy from Caldina
and Dryfe's King of Beasts
are in the audience.
[FIGARO] Seems I've captured
their attention.
[SHU] Also, something fishy's
going on in town.
I've noticed an odd
crowd hanging around
that supposedly works
for the kingdom.
No telling what they're
hiding up their sleeves.
Keep your guard up.
[FIGARO]
Ha. Who, me?
[NEMESIS] Find something? How
come you're sneaking around?
Heh!
[BOTH]
Hmm?
[SHU]
Hey!
[FIGARO] Well, look who
it is... Ray and Nemesis!
[RAY] So, what's with
the get‐up, Figaro?
Simple. I'm well‐known
in this town.
A disguise helps
avoid attention.
[NEMESIS] I heard a rumor
the two of you were friends,
but close enough
to be cosplay pals?
That's serious friendship.
Us? Friends? Yeah, I suppose.
Guess you could
also say colleagues,
seeing how we're
this nation's Su‐‐
[SHU] Suavest representatives
of the Costume‐Lovers' Club!
Guilty as charged!
Not to change the subject,
but I forgot to give you
this at lunch today, grizz.
What is it?
[SHU]
It's called a Telepathy Cuff.
When two friends
have one equipped,
they can chat across
long distances.
Oh, man. This will
definitely come in handy.
[FIGARO] I've got something
for you too, Ray.
You do?
A tip, if you're a gambling
man. Bet on me today.
Thanks for the heads‐up.
[SHU] I've gotta chat with Figgy
here a little while longer.
Go on ahead. I'll catch up.
Cool. See ya soon.
I've gotta say,
I'm a little surprised
you haven't told
him the truth yet.
[SHU]
Never mind that.
First, not to bruise your ego,
but from where I'm standing,
the odds of you
winning are 50/50.
And that's me being optimistic.
I kinda figured that
those were my chances,
seeing how I'm facing off
against one of the mighty
Huang He Si Ling, the
empire's greatest four.
[SHU] Fighting the Kingdom of
Altar's mightiest solo player,
Figaro the Endless Chain.
[FIGARO] Should make for
an interesting match.
Wish I was in the
stands to see it.
[SHU]
Don't be like that.
[FIGARO]
I'm joking, of course.
Moments like this are
precisely what I live for.
Why I joined Dendro
in the first place.
To win, by not holding
anything back.
[RAY]
"Clash of the Superiors."